README.md, before:

# [Local Restaurants Search and Map](https://kiwi-lifter.github.io/dist/) v1.0.0

> Udacity FEND nano degree project - search app in MvvM javascript pattern, using Knock Out.

### Demo

View the web page [here](https://kiwi-lifter.github.io/dist/)

##Development

**1.** Clone the repo `https://github.com/kiwi-lifter/kiwi-lifter.github.io.git`.

**2.** Open the dist/index.html in a webrowser.

For instructions on how to install and use [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) see [Getting Started with Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide for an explanation on how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) and install and use Grunt plugins.

For instructions on installing and using uglifyJS for minifying javascript files see [grunt-contrib-uglify README](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify/blob/master/README.md)

For instruction on installing and using cssmin for minifying css files see [grunt-contrib-uglify README](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin/blob/master/README.md)

## Dependencies

- [jQuery v3.1.1](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Knockout v3.4.0](http://knockoutjs.com/)
- [Bootstrap v3.3.7](http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/)

##Copyright and License

Code and documentation copyright 2016 Garrick McCaskill, Inc. Code released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/kiwi-lifter/kiwi-lifter.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Update instructions for opening app using a local server.

README.md, after:

# [Local Restaurants Search and Map](https://kiwi-lifter.github.io/dist/) v1.0.0

> Udacity FEND nano degree project - search app in MvvM javascript pattern, using Knock Out.

### Demo

View the web page [here](https://kiwi-lifter.github.io/dist/)

##Development

- Clone the repo `https://github.com/kiwi-lifter/kiwi-lifter.github.io.git`.

- This app must run on a local server or deployed to a host. Otherwise a [Cross Origin Requests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Access_control_CORS) type error will result when trying to run the app.
Open the dist/index.html on a local webserver such as [IIS](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms181052.aspx)  or [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html). 

- For instructions on how to install and use [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) see [Getting Started with Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide for an explanation on how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) and install and use Grunt plugins.

- For instructions on installing and using uglifyJS for minifying javascript files see [grunt-contrib-uglify README](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify/blob/master/README.md)

- For instruction on installing and using cssmin for minifying css files see [grunt-contrib-uglify README](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin/blob/master/README.md)

## Dependencies

- [jQuery v3.1.1](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Knockout v3.4.0](http://knockoutjs.com/)
- [Bootstrap v3.3.7](http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/)

##Copyright and License

Code and documentation copyright 2016, released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/kiwi-lifter/kiwi-lifter.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).
